# FlexiPanelMod
This Mod is for Pantheon: Rise of the Fallen. It displays buffs / dbebuffs as defined in the configuration file FlexiPanelConfig.xml.

It has added in following new commands have been added.
/showflexipanels - Shows all configured panels
/hideflexipanels - Hides all configured panels
/configflexipanels - Reloads the configuration
/pulling - A pull notiifcation with additional information is displayed in Group chat
/pop - A pop notification with additional information is displayed in Group chat
/target - Show the current Target information in Group chat

## Maximum Number Of Panels Vs Performance
All panels MUST finish all of their work in less than one second to ensure the times displayed update properly.  
The mod sets no upper limit on the number of panels.  If your machine is fast it may handle many panels, if it is very slow it may only handle a few.
Choose the number of panels you want wisely.

## Config File Location
The file FlexiPanelConfig.xml must be placed in the <GamePath>/UserData/ directory.

## Resizing Panels
You can resize each panels number of rows to display in the combinations of:  5,10,15,20,25,30,35.
You can change the width of the panels (in pixels) but very few limits are placed on this so if you insert stupid numbers you win stupid prizes.

## How Buffs/Debuffs are displayed
The order of rows in the config file is the order they are displayed on the screen.
Configured buffs/debuffs Names (and only names) are not case sensitive.
Configured buffs/debuffs are selected if a buff CONTAINS the configured buff/debuff name. 
  This allows you to put "Mantle" as a single row and it will apply to all tiers of Mantle.
  This means if you put Rip (Bleed debuff) as a row it will also include Grip Of Stone (Shaman Buff) as Grip contains Rip and name is not case-sensitive.

## Color Availability
All available colors are defined by Unity. You can find the full Unity colour list for Unity 6.3 (correct at time of writing) available at [Unity Color List](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.3/Documentation/ScriptReference/Color.html).
If the user provides a color that Unity does not support it will default to orange.

## Panel Opacity
You can change how opaque each panel is by setting the panels PanelOpacity attribute in the configuration.  100 = fully opaque, 0 = fully transparent

## ExcludeAll(De)Buffs / IncludeAll(De)buffs Overrides
ExcludeAllBuffs and ExcludeAllDebuffs take priority over IncludeAllBuffs/IncludeAllDebuffs
When IncludeAllBuffs is set to true the color of the bars will be based on the Spell Type NOT the user defined row colors for performance reasons
When IncludeAllBuffs is set to true the blacklist IncludeAllBuffsBlackList is used to prevent filling up the panel with common buffs

## Known Limitations
Panels are not dynamically resizable
If a new entity moves into range with buff/debuffs already applied they will not appear in the panel (this includes logging in/zoning)
Buffs are removed on change of zone due to problems tracking buffs across zones / logins
For debuffs that can only be applied once to an entity E.G. "Corrosive Brew", all casts of this debuff will still show up in the panel even if it has been over-written
Some buffs can not be tracked such as "Exhausted" and ALL Stances such as Rogues "Shadow Walk" or DireLords "Nightmarish"

## Installation
Install MelonLoader, following along with their [installation instructions](https://melonwiki.xyz/#/?id=requirements).
When selecting a version to install, tick `Enable Nightly builds` and install the latest nightly build (0.7.1-ci.2207 at time of writing).
Once you're finished, run the game once as normal to allow MelonLoader to generate the required libraries. Once this is done, close the game.

This project relies on libraries generated by MelonLoader. By default, the `GamePath` is set to the default Steam installation path. You can modify where your game is installed by editing the GamePath in the [Directory.Build.props](https://github.com/ModsOfPantheon/PantheonAddons/blob/master/Directory.Build.props) file. Please don't commit changes to this file. You can instruct git to ignore these changes locally without changes to `.gitignore` by running the following command in the root of the project:
```
git update-index --skip-worktree Directory.Build.props
```

## Disclaimer regarding cheating/anticheat
We believe that these addons do not violate the terms and conditions of Pantheon: Rise of the Fallen. From the EULA (as of 7th Jan 2025), we may not:

(b) use cheats, exploits, automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any unauthorized third-party software,
code or other device designed to modify or interfere with the Game or Service, or without Visionary Realms’
express written consent, modify or cause to be modified any files that are a part of the Game or Service;

However this Mod is to be used at your own risk. We do not accept any liability or responsibility for any actions taken against your account.